hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day this is different if
it's really a big deal I have been
invited to go to the White House to sit
down with the President of the United
States of America for 10 to 12 minutes
to discuss issues that matter to me and
matter to you this is a huge honor and I
want to get it right the interview is
framed as a response to the State of the
Union address which you can watch on
Tuesday at 9 p.m. eastern time at
youtube.com slash White House I would
love for this to be different I want to
ask questions about scientific topics
something I care about what about the
personal things about being the
president wouldn't it be cool we have a
huge opportunity here the format is
going to be really cool they created a
small version of my office that's going
to be there at the White House so we can
just hang out and talk like we always do
except the president's there we shot a
short promo for it out in LA and I'll
introduce you to the other two YouTube
creators that's going to be there with
me ok so we're at LA and they have
created sets for us this is the smarter
every day set get Ingrid and swoozie
Ingrid you've got a lot of beauty stuff
and many other things right there is no
other country on earth where something
like this could happen and I'm extremely
excited and honored to be taking part so
here's how we're going to come up with
questions number one click that link
right there it'll create a tweet and
automatically populate the YouTube asks
Obama hashtag do that I'll be filtering
through those number two leave an
intelligent respectful comment on this
video or number three go to the ask
reddit thread I'm going to be making
people are going to be uploading and
downloading we got to get the best
questions in front of the
commander-in-chief I'm most excited
about your science questions and about
your fun questions for the president
anyway please check those out and watch
the thing it's going to be live on
January 15th at youtube.com slash
Whitehouse so that's it I'm Destin let's
get smarter every day together at the
White House with the President of the
United States have a good one